index.md, before:

---
youtubeId: -gOH9eGYC0U
---

## Ian Melvin

You can use the [editor on GitHub](https://github.com/Zorlang/PortfolioWebsite/edit/gh-pages/index.md) to maintain and preview the content for your website in Markdown files.

Whenever you commit to this repository, GitHub Pages will run [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/) to rebuild the pages in your site, from the content in your Markdown files.

### Markdown

Markdown is a lightweight and easy-to-use syntax for styling your writing. It includes conventions for

```markdown
Syntax highlighted code block

# Header 1
## Header 2
### Header 3

- Bulleted
- List

1. Numbered
2. List

**Bold** and _Italic_ and `Code` text

[Link](url) and ![Image](src)
```

For more details see [GitHub Flavored Markdown](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/).

### Jekyll Themes

Your Pages site will use the layout and styles from the Jekyll theme you have selected in your [repository settings](https://github.com/Zorlang/PortfolioWebsite/settings/pages). The name of this theme is saved in the Jekyll `_config.yml` configuration file.

### Support or Contact

Having trouble with Pages? Check out our [documentation](https://docs.github.com/categories/github-pages-basics/) or [contact support](https://support.github.com/contact) and we’ll help you sort it out.

{% include youtubePlayer.html id=page.youtubeId %}

Commit message:

Added first version of deadpedal drifting info

index.md, after:

---
youtubeId: -gOH9eGYC0U
---

## Ian Melvin

## Projects

# Dead Pedal Drifting

{% include youtubePlayer.html id=page.youtubeId %}

Description: Single Player Game made in Unity. The players does quests in the waste land, destroying enemy cars and collecting their scrap metal with every quest complete giving a cash reward. Between mission the player can customize vehichle color and buy new weapons and improve the stats of the vehicle / weapons.

Team size: 7

From March 2021 - May 2021

Role: UI programmer

What I did: Using UI designs from one of the teams designers, I implemented and programmed the UI for the Garage
- Bulleted
- List

1. Numbered
2. List

**Bold** and _Italic_ and `Code` text

[Link](url) and ![Image](src)
```

For more details see [GitHub Flavored Markdown](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/).

### Jekyll Themes

Your Pages site will use the layout and styles from the Jekyll theme you have selected in your [repository settings](https://github.com/Zorlang/PortfolioWebsite/settings/pages). The name of this theme is saved in the Jekyll `_config.yml` configuration file.

### Support or Contact

Having trouble with Pages? Check out our [documentation](https://docs.github.com/categories/github-pages-basics/) or [contact support](https://support.github.com/contact) and we’ll help you sort it out.

{% include youtubePlayer.html id=page.youtubeId %}
